Use identifiers on modal triggers and modal component instead of integral trigger (#3541)
minvws/nl-kat-coordination: rocky/components/modal/README.md

{% endblock html_at_end_body %}
```

After that, `{% component "modal" modal_id="xx" size="xx" %}` is enough to instantiate the dialog modal component where `modal_id` should contain a unique identifier that must be also used in the triggers `data-modal-id` attribute, and `size` should contain the appropriate class name to achieve the correct sizing. This can be either `dialog-small`, `dialog-medium` or `dialog-large`.

### The trigger element

The trigger element needs some explaining. This will be the element that `on click` will show the modal dialog,
the `element` gets assigned the click handler by JavaScript.

> It's essential to include the data attribute `data-modal-id="xx"`, where "xx" is the same as the `id` attribute on the intended modal. This is what defines the modal dialog that this trigger is meant to target.

Reviewer: It might be good to rewrite this to explain the `<a>`-with-dialog-hash approach.

> While it might seem obvious to use a `button` as a trigger, the modal is setup in a way that allows for any HTML element to be used as a trigger.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
While it might seem obvious to use a `button` as a trigger, the modal is set up in a way that allows for any HTML element to be used as a trigger.
```

> The trigger doesn't need to be part of the `{% component %}` itself and can be placed anywhere in the HTML template, though it make sense to place them adjacent or as close as possible to each other.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The trigger doesn't need to be part of the `{% component %}` itself and can be placed anywhere in the HTML template, though it makes sense to place them adjacent or as close as possible to each other.
```
